exercises/04.debugging/02.solution.trace-viewer/README.mdx, before:

# Trace viewer

Good job! 👏

Please wait for the others to finish so we could go through the solution to this exercise together.

## Generating local traces

You can generate a trace of your local test run by setting the `--trace` CLI option of `playwright` to `on`:

```sh
npx playwright test --trace on
# or
npm test -- --trace on
```

### Uploading traces on CI

Don't forget to configure your CI pipeline to upload the generated traces (and other test artifacts) if your test job fails. Here's an example of how to do that using the `actions/upload-artfact` on GitHub Actions:

```yml
# .github/workflows/ci.yml

jobs:
	test:
		steps:
			- name: E2E tests
				run: npm run test:e2e

			- name: Upload test artifacts
        if: failure()
        uses: actions/upload-artifact@v4
        with:
          name: playwright-report
          path: ./test-results
```

- `if: failure()` makes sure that you only upload the artifacts on test failures;
- `with.name` is an ID for the uploaded artifacts;
- `with.path` is the path relative to the project's root where the generated artifacts are located. By default, Playwright emits them in the `./test-results` directory.

## Related materials

- [Trace Viewer](https://playwright.dev/docs/trace-viewer)

Commit message:

04/02: fix newsletter env variable being true/false enums

exercises/04.debugging/02.solution.trace-viewer/README.mdx, after:

# Trace viewer

## Root cause

The root cause is the newsletter dialog popping up and _blocking user interaction_. But why can't we see that when running tests locally?

![A screenshot of the Playwright UI mode showing the newsletter dialog blocking user interaction](/assets/04-02-solution-newsletter-dialog.png)

Because the newsletter dialog renders _conditionally_. The `SHOW_NEWSLETTER_DIALOG` environmental variable that controls its rendering was incorrectly set to `true` on CI, causing only the remote test runs to fail. Luckily, we have access to the trace and can step through the test, including its visual history, and find the culprit in no time.

## Generating local traces

You can generate a trace of your local test run by setting the `--trace` CLI option of `playwright` to `on`:

```sh
npx playwright test --trace on
# or
npm test -- --trace on
```

### Uploading traces on CI

Don't forget to configure your CI pipeline to upload the generated traces (and other test artifacts) if your test job fails. Here's an example of how to do that using the `actions/upload-artfact` on GitHub Actions:

```yml
# .github/workflows/ci.yml

jobs:
	test:
		steps:
			- name: E2E tests
				run: npm run test:e2e

			- name: Upload test artifacts
        if: failure()
        uses: actions/upload-artifact@v4
        with:
          name: playwright-report
          path: ./test-results
```

- `if: failure()` makes sure that you only upload the artifacts on test failures;
- `with.name` is an ID for the uploaded artifacts;
- `with.path` is the path relative to the project's root where the generated artifacts are located. By default, Playwright emits them in the `./test-results` directory.

## Related materials

- [Trace Viewer](https://playwright.dev/docs/trace-viewer)
