exercises/04.debugging/01.problem.ui-mode/README.mdx, before:

# UI mode

## Your task

While you were gone, I've added a <InlineFile file="./tests/e2e/notes-search.test.ts">new test case</InlineFile> to verify that user's notes can be found through the search. But something didn't go well... That test is failing!

👨‍💼 In this one, your task is to debug the failing test and fix it. The thing is, the test case at hand has a number of different steps:

1. Searching for the user in the search bar.
1. Going to the user profile page from the search results.
1. Going to the user's notes from their profile page.
1. Opening a specific note.

And to get a full picture of what is happening, you would need to _visualize_ and _step through_ your test run.

That is precisely what the UI mode in Playwright is for.

🐨 Start by running the failed test in the UI mode by providing the `--ui` flag to the test command:

```sh
npm test -- --ui
```

> Explore the Playwright UI mode and its controls. For example, you can put the problematic test case in _watch mode_ so it re-runs while you're debugging it!

🐨 Using the actions list, find the failing action and explore it. Take a look at the failure detail, as well as the actions coming before it. The goal here is to get to the bottom of this issue and find the root cause!

🐨 Once you've found the root cause for the issue, fix it and have the test green and passing.

Commit message:

04/01: fix missing `aria-label` on notes list

exercises/04.debugging/01.problem.ui-mode/README.mdx, after:

# UI mode

## Your task

While you were gone, I've added a <InlineFile file="./tests/e2e/notes-search.test.ts">new test case</InlineFile> to verify that user's notes can be found through the search. But something didn't go well... That test is failing!

```
Error: Displays the user notes page

expect(locator).toBeVisible() failed

Locator: getByRole('heading', { name: '3n_leilani_walker29\'s notes' })
Expected: visible
Timeout: 5000ms
Error: element(s) not found

Call log:
  - Displays the user notes page with timeout 5000ms
  - waiting for getByRole('heading', { name: '3n_leilani_walker29\'s notes' })
```

👨‍💼 In this one, your task is to debug the failing test and fix it. The thing is, the test case at hand has a number of different steps:

1. Searching for the user in the search bar.
1. Going to the user profile page from the search results.
1. Going to the user's notes from their profile page.
1. Opening a specific note.

And to get a full picture of what is happening, you would need to _visualize_ and _step through_ your test run.

That is precisely what the UI mode in Playwright is for.

🐨 Start by running the failed test in the UI mode by providing the `--ui` flag to the test command:

```sh
npm test -- --ui
```

> Explore the Playwright UI mode and its controls. For example, you can put the problematic test case in _watch mode_ so it re-runs while you're debugging it!

🐨 Using the actions list, find the failing action and explore it. Take a look at the failure detail, as well as the actions coming before it. The goal here is to get to the bottom of this issue and find the root cause!

🐨 Once you've found the root cause for the issue, fix it and have the test green and passing.
