exercises/04.debugging/02.problem.trace-viewer/README.mdx, before:

# Trace viewer

## Your task

👨‍💼 Another exercise, another task to solve! In this one, the <InlineFile name="./tests/e2e/notes-create.test.ts">`tests/e2e/notes-create.test.ts`</InlineFile> test is _failing_ on CI. But if you run it locally, it seems perfectly fine (don't get my word for it, verify that by yourself!).

Your goal is to dug deeper and figure out why is this test failing only on CI. To help you do that, I'm including a _trace_ of the failed CI test in the `trace.zip` archive. It will be a crucial element to help you uncover the root cause of the issue.

🐨 Use the [Trace viewer](https://playwright.dev/docs/trace-viewer) feature in Playwright to preview and inspect the failed test's trace.

```sh
npx playwright show-trace ./trace.zip
```

Inspect what the trace view gives you, including the timeline, test actions, the DOM, console, and network to see what hints at the problem.

🐨 A/B your findings with the local run of the test (`npm test`) to find the culprit.

🐨 Once you've found the root cause of the issue, outline how you would fix it. We will discuss the approach together in the solution to this exercise.

Commit message:

04/02: add failed test error message to exercise description

exercises/04.debugging/02.problem.trace-viewer/README.mdx, after:

# Trace viewer

## Your task

👨‍💼 Another exercise, another task to solve! In this one, the <InlineFile name="./tests/e2e/notes-create.test.ts">`tests/e2e/notes-create.test.ts`</InlineFile> test is _failing_ on CI.

```
Test timeout of 15000ms exceeded.

@notes-create.test.ts:10

Error: locator.click: Test timeout of 15000ms exceeded.
Call log:
  - waiting for getByRole('button', { name: 'Submit' })
```

But if you run it locally, it seems perfectly fine (don't get my word for it, verify that by yourself!).

Your goal is to dug deeper and figure out why is this test failing only on CI. To help you do that, I'm including a _trace_ of the failed CI test in the `trace.zip` archive. It will be a crucial element to help you uncover the root cause of the issue.

🐨 Use the [Trace viewer](https://playwright.dev/docs/trace-viewer) feature in Playwright to preview and inspect the failed test's trace.

```sh
npx playwright show-trace ./trace.zip
```

Inspect what the trace view gives you, including the timeline, test actions, the DOM, console, and network to see what hints at the problem.

🐨 A/B your findings with the local run of the test (`npm test`) to find the culprit.

🐨 Once you've found the root cause of the issue, outline how you would fix it. We will discuss the approach together in the solution to this exercise.
